Secretary of State to the president on
July 12 the mr. Ian pedecaris and his
family were kidnapped from their
residence in Tangier and their servants
retainers brutally murdered and what I
see with this act of barbarous
criminality appears perpetrated by loool
al Rizzoli do not laugh at me again
sheriff of the riffian Berbers and last
of the Barbary pirates I am the true
defender of the faithful and the blood
of the Prophet runs in me and I am but a
servant of his will
I am NOT a man stand by and condone
barbaric acts which are perpetrated
against innocent women
I am the scoured and if you or any of
these men should dare lay a hand on me I
will try with all the strength in me to
kill you you play checkers
no I play chess you are in a lot of
trouble you should never have moved that
Bishop or kidnapped me both will see you
undone it is not I who decides the
outcome of this event it is the will of
Allah President Roosevelt will have your
head for this
Iran's force is counted in the number of
his rightness does this sir
blue stone does he have such men dress
quickly we're going to make good an
escape
must-sees the government make our own
negotiations what about in French
Germans British and the location
you
President Roosevelt made an agreement
with that man being held over there and
President Roosevelt keeps his agreements
if I had my lane I'd invite him to
settle this thing between the tools
you